c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Shooter.exe
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Shooter.pdb
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\obj\x86\Debug\Shooter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\obj\x86\Debug\Shooter.exe
c:\users\młody\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\obj\x86\Debug\Shooter.pdb
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tlo.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Platforma.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Chodzacy.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\GraczLewo.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\GraczPrawo.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\HP1.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\HP2.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\HP3.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Rage.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Box.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graj.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Karabin.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Laser.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Minigun.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Pistolet.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\PociskLaser.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\PociskZwykly.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Serce.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Snajpa.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Strzelba.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Wyjdz.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shooter\Shooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Niesmiertelnosc.png
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\algorytmy\Shooter\Shooter\obj\x86\Debug\Shooter.exe
C:\Users\Młody\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\algorytmy\Shooter\Shooter\obj\x86\Debug\Shooter.pdb
